Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
Somebody said, 'Brandon, could you say, "Hey, good morning, Jesus"?
' and I sure can.
'Hey, good morning, Jesus.
' This video is going to be kind of different, but I'm going to go over some things and say exactly what I heard the Spirit of the Lord say.
The Lord told me, 'I've called you to say the hard things—the things that most people won't say.
' He said, 'You'll say it with boldness and it'll prove to be accurate in the days ahead.
' We all can miss it; we're all just human, every single one of us.
So I come on here to tell you what I feel the Lord has told me.
Everything I said last night and the day before has been very heavy on me, so I'm going to go over what the Lord showed me last night.
I'm not going to add to or take away from anything, and I'm not rehearsing it.
I'm saying this because of how heavy it is.
I didn't know Candace or her platform; I don't watch this lady.
I didn't know what I was seeing into.
I was relaying to you what the Lord was telling me.
As I was praying this out last night, I had no idea what she stood for or what she says, but I know what the Lord is saying to me about her and what's about to happen with her, and warnings for her.
It's hard; I'm just being real with you all.
When the Lord speaks to me so boldly, people ask, 'Brandon, why didn't you see Charlie Kirk's assassination?
' Now I know why: because of the details the Lord is showing me right now—things I will never publicly say and things I've already said.
So, we're going to go over what the Lord showed me yesterday.
I saw Candace Owens and a black top hat that looked like a magician's hat.
There was a rabbit from Alice in Wonderland, and the magician's hat became a hole in the ground.
I saw the rabbit from Alice in Wonderland pop up through the hat, and the Lord started to speak to me about conspiracy theories.
I could see the black hole and the rabbit jumping into it.
He said, 'What was a conspiracy will prove to be not a conspiracy at all.
' I saw Candace Owens, and what seems to be a conspiracy will prove to be not a conspiracy at all.
I don't like misquoting it, but I don't have my notes here.
It was just flowing.
I saw Candace Owens sitting at a computer with emails coming to her, and her eyes looked like dough eyes.
They looked like Puss in Boots from the Shrek movie.
The cat was manipulating, trying to get you to like them, and it made you feel sorry for it; the eyes got really big.
But this is what the Lord showed me when I was praying into this: it's the black tunnel, the conspiracy.
As she was looking into it, she was seeing something that was not a conspiracy at all.
Her eyes became that black hole the rabbit was jumping through.
She was looking at emails and things being presented to her while she was in the dark.
Like when you're in a dark room looking at a bright screen, she was typing and her eyes got bigger and bigger as more information came from the screen.
Her eyes became more enlightened.
As she was doing this, I heard, 'Pray for her life, for what she's dipping into will cost her.
Pray for her, for what is a conspiracy will prove to be not a conspiracy at all.
' Her eyes got bigger.
Then I saw Alex Jones come up.
He was looking at her from a glance at her computer, but he didn't want to touch it.
He was focused on the nation.
Alex Jones turned his face from her because he didn't want to get into what she was talking about, even if he believed it.
In this vision, he turned his face toward the nation and said, 'I have bigger things to take care of, for our nation is going down.
We must stand for America'—a sense of patriotism.
Behind them was Tucker Carlson, but he was way back and didn't even care to entertain it.
As I was praying, the Lord said, 'I'm going to use her if she'll yield to me.
Where she has been right now is nothing compared to where I want to take her if she will yield and give herself over to me completely.
' I saw a massive door on a castle, a major opportunity that will come to her.
He said, 'Everything she has, I have given to her.
I've graced her to do it.
But if she will humble herself, there's much more in store.
There's a door of opportunity bigger than what she's doing on YouTube or in her podcast; it was something in politics.
' He said, 'I will amplify her voice and she will become a household name on a bigger scale for something with politics.
' The Lord said he was going to anoint her to be a mouthpiece in these end times.
I thought it was interesting.
My friend helps me so much.
I tell her, 'You are such a friend.
' When she comes on here, her presence helps me.
I never knew I could love somebody as much as I love her.
I pulled her out while she was working on the house and said, 'I can't do this without you.
Please help me.
' What I saw bothered me greatly.
Right before that, the Lord told me there's a storm concerning Candace and we should pray for her, as she hadn't even entered the eye of the hurricane.
I questioned it, thinking, 'God, could this be you?
' I plead the blood; that's why I'm slow about it.
If you go back and listen to the video, it sounds choppy because when you're delivering messages and seeing these things, I'm thinking, 'What more are you showing me?
' I see the storm and the Lord said, 'Pray for her.
She needs much prayer.
Her children need much prayer.
' And I thought, "What is a storm?
" She just lost her husband.
All these things.
And the Lord keeps giving me more and more.
I'm not a conspiracy theory guy—I'm not at all.
I'm going to be real with y'all: I'm black and white.
I don't like watching these things; I don't listen to anybody else.
My son does.
He tells me, "Dad, this is what's going on.
" It's like I talk to him—I call him my best friend—I mean, I don't know, I love him dearly; I say my spiritual mentor—don't always explain yourself.
It's just the Holy Ghost.
You're just a voicepiece for what the Spirit of the Lord is telling you to do.
I'm not here to come on here and rehearse or do whatever, but I try to make things clear so you understand it.
I don't want prophetic confusion.
I don't want to be a person who brings static in the prophetic community.
I want clarity, and I want to be authentic and humble.
I'm telling you, I can't do this without the Holy Ghost.
Everything I hear and everything I see, I believe I'm getting it from him.
I believe it.
I'm getting it from the Lord.
Now, you may say, "Brendon, I don't believe you, and I don't believe you hear the Lord.
" Well, that's okay.
That's your opinion.
But I do, and I believe this with all my heart.
I stand by what I believe; it's what the Lord says to me.
I believe this.
It's heavy, the things I saw, and you don't even know half of it.
I would say the messages that I've given over the last two days, they all go together in some way.
And that's all I will say.
If you do your research, you'll know.
But I'm not talking about this anymore unless the Holy Spirit tells me to.
And so, I pray for Candace's safety.
I pray for Alex Jones's safety.
If they want to keep going down the rabbit hole and they keep studying these things out, I know what the Lord said: there is a plan for her life.
And everybody said, "Well, she's Catholic.
She's this.
" I never pit denominations against each other.
I always make this a religion-friendly zone.
Whether you're Catholic, you're Mormon, you're Church of Christ, whatever—I welcome everybody.
Now, I believe what I believe, and I believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost with speaking in tongues.
I believe in healing.
I believe in deliverance.
I believe that Jesus Christ has set you free if you believe him.
Now, if you don't believe that, that's on you.
But I'm not here to sit here and beat somebody up and say, "Well, you're Catholic.
You don't believe the way I believe.
" I love it that the Catholics are here.
I love it that the Baptists are here.
I love it that the Mormons come over here.
You said, "What do you see about Mormons?
" I said, "You're the Mormon church in Salt Lake City.
All that was going on over there.
" They say I'm derogatory.
No, I'm not.
I'm trying to tell you that you're going to be targeted by the Muslims.
That's what I'm trying to tell y'all.
I saw them watching in your church—your synagogues or your churches, whatever y'all have—and they went in there and started shooting everybody.
And that's what I was trying to say.
You need to pray over the main Mormon base in Utah.
I saw mass casualties coming, and the Lord said, "Pray over these areas.
" I just deliver what he tells me.
So, I try when it comes to this—the things I saw about JD Vance and the wound, the infection, and whenever I called out what I said about this man.
I don't mean any ill toward our vice president or the president.
I pray for them more than anybody would ever know.
I do.
But I say what I heard the Spirit of the Lord say.
And a modern-day Watergate would try to manifest concerning JD Vance and other things.
And the Lord said, "Marilyn Monroe, Monica Lewinsky, remember JFK.
Don't forget it.
" So, I see these things and they're heavy because I want the Republicans to win.
That's just me.
And if I can protect and pray and believe God because they have the same conservative values that I have—a lot of them—then by all means, let's get there.
But I saw a man that changes in 2028.
I saw a man that, after the time goes by, changed a little bit, then changed a little bit more.
I saw Harvard written out, but he didn't go to Harvard—he went to Yale.
But I saw Harvard, and I saw it was in bricks; every one of the bricks was lined out—they were like on a brick house, and they were all written in Harvard letters.
Harvard...
and I prayed into that.
Oh God, help me.
And I saw a man that was one way one time and another way another time.
Later on, opinions change as the end of the term comes in 2028.
It wasn't all buddy-buddy anymore.
Things drastically changed toward the end of the term.
I heard, "Impeach, impeach, impeach," but they didn't have the votes.
I heard scandal.
I saw a man with mega-wealth take his hand and say, "I was told to do these things.
I didn't want to; I was asked to.
" And he was a rat.
So, I pray over those things that the Lord shows me because he said, "This has not happened yet.
" He said, "This is the future.
You must pray.
" I said, "Lord, what?
Am I looking into something that already happened?
" He said, "No.
No.
This could be...
basically unless you pray as the body of Christ, why we come on this channel in the first place.
" If you don't pray, the enemy is trying to get his slithery snake self in there to try to bring this to pass to take this man down because he was the front runner.
But I saw other names being thrown around, and this was Don Jr.
, who I didn't feel like he wanted it—in the vision I saw, I didn't feel like that's really what he wanted to do.
He wanted to be a businessman.
He was done with politics, but his name was being thrown out.
And then the African-American man with the heavy face and chubby cheeks—do you see this man?
There he is.
He's happy.
I saw this man in the vision.
See, his cheeks are happy.
And Marco Rubio and the governor, Ron DeSantis.
But the Lord said, "You're too focused on them for a new voicepiece like Obama will try to rise in the days ahead.
For one is being groomed.
" And I saw a satanic endowment on this person to speak with great speech that would draw you in like an Antichrist spirit.
Antichrist spirit.
The speech was very well done, like Obama's.
Obama had a way with words.
He's very educated in the way he talked.
I even liked to listen to him talk; I'd be like, "Man, he has something to say.
" But do you understand what I'm talking about?
How Obama had a way with words.
But this person will have a way with words.
I saw it.
Charisma.
There you go.
Thank you for the word.
Diana has better words than me.
So, we pray into these things.
Like I said, I had no idea.
But all I know is I want to tell that Candace lady: God has a hand on you if you allow him to.
If you humble yourself and you allow the Lord to use you—you may say, "Well, I've already done that.
" No, you haven't.
No, you haven't.
I smell that by the prophetic.
You have not—maybe partially in your mind you have—but you're not broken before him, and the Lord wants to use you, but you must be broken before him, and he will use you in a greater capacity than whatever your mind can comprehend.
And I don't agree with your stance on Israel, if it's toward the government or whatever.
But that's your opinion and you're entitled to it.
But I'm telling you, God has a plan for your life that's bigger than what you realize.
God has a major thing he wants to do with you.
And the door that's going to open for you is bigger than anything I've seen for a lot of people.
It is a massive wood door with beautiful carvings in it, and it's glowing, waiting for you.
And so I see these things.
If you keep digging down the rabbit hole and the conspiracy, that's on you, but I pray for your safety.
Not threatening—I'm just praying for you because I saw an attempt on your life.
And that's why the Lord said, "You must pray for her.
" Maybe you already know that; maybe you've already had these visions.
I don't know.
All I know is the Lord said, "Pray for her just like you pray for Alex Jones, because he will become a modern-day John the Baptist and he will be really radical in the days ahead, for an attempt will be on his life that will not be successful.
" I don't know if he'll ever know it or not, or if it will be like Trump's ear or whatever, but the Lord said he would become very radical.
Pray over his family; pray over him.
Now, regarding Tucker Carlson, the Lord has not spoken anything to me about this man.
He just said that he was one of the ones in the background that would be a voice, but it wasn't like Candace and Alex, and it continues to be that way.
The other part of the vision from last night was Venezuela.
I saw Venezuela and I keep seeing he will be like a Saddam.
Show that picture.
I thought this was interesting.
You see that?
They look a lot like they could be brothers.
I thought that was kind of interesting.
But I saw freedom coming and a new government coming into Venezuela.
It's like a proxy government coming in and the people of Venezuela having more freedom to be able to do what they want to do.
The Lord showed me all these oil derricks and the Lord said it's not all about drugs—10%—but 90% is about the oil and BRICS.
I saw a Gaddafi, I saw a Saddam-like man with this man in the days ahead becoming overthrown.
Now, if it's his own government that does it, I don't know, or if it's the United States, I don't know.
But I saw a major revolution, a shaking coming to this nation.
We pray for them because ultimately, bottom line, this is what I want you to understand.
When it comes to North Korea and China, I told you communism was trying to rise up in South Korea.
I saw the red dragon coming out and going through North Korea to try to infiltrate South Korea so that it would not be a major light in the days ahead because it was a touchdown place for the revival to spread from.
The enemy was trying to cause hardship in those areas because, ultimately, this is where we're at: Jesus Christ is coming.
All this other stuff to me is just wasting time.
It's all about Jesus coming to me.
You must know that He's coming.
Everything else is secondary, like finances.
People ask, "Brandon, what about the money?
What about this?
What about that?
" I'm all about revival.
Let's get the job done and let's get out of here.
Let's preach this gospel throughout the world as a witness unto Him and then the end will come.
Everything else is second.
All these other things the Lord has me praying over with you is because it's on His heart and I just keep flowing with Him.
It's a river.
It pulls.
It's not what I would have picked in the natural.
If I had known today, it would have been very hard for me to speak out what I said last night.
I would have been like, "I know I talk.
" But that's why it's good to be ignorant, because I just flow even whenever it makes your flesh cringe.
I said, "Don't tell me anymore today.
I don't want to know anymore.
I don't want to hear anything else.
" Oh my gosh.
Dear God, Diana, what did I say?
You all can read into whatever you want, but that's not my job.
I don't add to or take away from anything.
I've done my job.
I hope I did it well.
If you're watching, Candace, God bless you.
We pray for you.
We know that God has a mighty hand on you.
I pray that you get this fire shut up in your bones, the Holy Ghost fire.
I want you to be radical for Jesus.
You say, "Well, I'm Catholic; I don't care about all that.
" I'm talking about being radical for Jesus—fire shut up in your bones, the Holy Ghost fire, talking in tongues, baptized, water walking, laying hands on the sick, seeing them recover, casting out devils—a Christian that the devil is afraid of when you wake up in the morning.
He goes, "Oh God, she's awake again.
" That's what I'm looking for.
Not saying, "Well, I go and talk to the priest.
" I don't care.
"I do the rosary or whatever," all that stuff.
No, I'm talking about you talking in tongues.
You're a fire-breathing Christian and the devil goes, "Ah!
" when you get up.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's the kind of Christian we are.
I don't know about all that other stuff, talking to popes and all that; I don't believe in it.
I don't stand for it.
But we believe in salvation.
We believe in laying hands and casting out devils.
It's time to get radical for Jesus.
If we don't get radical for Jesus, we're going to lose what we have.
We must get on fire, for our King is coming.
We must be the virgins with the lamps full of oil.
There were ten of them: five had their lamps full and five didn't.
Ladies and gentlemen, which one are you?
Have you lost your saltiness?
You must remain salty because it is the salt that brings men to thirst.
It's time for you to put on the new things and put that new wine in new wineskins and stop trying to be the old person.
He said He would rather you be hot or cold, but if you're lukewarm, He'll spew you out of His mouth.
How hard is that?
But yet, we have so many Christians that are lukewarm—limp-wristed and spineless.
You don't have a backbone like a crowbar Christian.
It's not always easy to stand on this side and tell you what I hear, but I'll be bold.
And if it costs me my life, so be it.
I believe that His angels will bear me up in their hands lest I dash my foot against a stone.
I'll keep declaring it until He calls me home.
Jesus is coming and you need to repent and turn from your wicked ways or you're going to burn in hell.
You must know Him.
If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, there's no other way to the Father except through Him.
The Holy Spirit is our comforter, our friend, and our standby, and He prays with me all the time.
That's what brings perfect prayers.
We must have a relationship with the Holy Spirit and be His friend.
I love how He talks about my friend Billy Burke.
He always calls him, "My friend, my friend.
" The Lord says, "Pray for my friend today.
" And I say, "You want me to pray for your friend today?
" He doesn't do that very often.
It's alarming to me.
He doesn't call very many people His friend like that.
You say, "Well, I'm a friend of God," but does He call you friend?
I'm not trying to judge you, but I know when He calls people His friend.
He'll say, "Brandon, will you pray for my friend today?
" Of course I will.
Who?
Billy.
Okay.
But He doesn't do that very often, does He?
He'll say certain people by their name, but very rarely will He ever say, "Will you pray for my friend?
" I thought, "What does it take for You to call my name to somebody and say, 'Will you pray for my friend Brandon?
'" I'm challenged by it.
I'm jealous of their relationship because I think, "Man, if He calls him friend to me privately, what does He call me to him?
" "Am I your friend?
I want to be your friend so bad.
" Not just a relationship of acquaintance, but intimacy with the Father.
There are so many people that are just visitors when it comes to the relationship with the Lord.
I tell Diana all the time—we talk about it—we must be friends with Him.
Diana and I don't keep anything from each other; we talk about everything.
I don't say this arrogantly, but I don't know many relationships like ours.
We spend 24 hours a day, seven days a week with each other, and we very seldom bicker.
We have our stuff we go through, but she's my friend.
I thought about when the Lord calls us to Him, what does He say about you to others?
I heard a preacher say before, "Man, that person has anger.
He's full of evil.
" Evil has a presence.
Lust has a presence.
Anger has a presence.
Child pedophiles have a presence.
But when you get around somebody, what presence do you carry?
How much do you carry?
What are you full of?
I thought about that a lot because I heard Billy Graham preach that.
Billy, I was thinking, what does the Father say about you?
Does He call you friend?
You call Him friend: "Oh yeah, He's my friend.
" But does He call you friend?
I want it so bad.
It's not just the glory, but it's the anointing that breaks the yoke.
You can have the glory filling the house, but I thought, "Where is the anointing that breaks the yoke?
" It's a tool that helps set the captives free.
It comes in stages and levels—ankle-deep, knee-deep, waist-deep, and over-the-head deep.
There are levels of the glory and levels of the anointing, and it all comes by refining fire and dying to self.
How much of you does He have?
It's not so much how much you have of Him, but how much He has of you.
I am wall-to-wall Holy Ghost, but does He have all of me?
Am I crucified with Christ?
Nevertheless, I, but Christ in me, the hope of glory.
That's why I try to tell you all this other stuff, the Candace stuff.
I feel like it's a big distraction today.
It pulls me and it caused me peace because I'm like, "Oh man, what did I do?
" And the Lord said, "You did me a favor today.
" I was cleaning out my freezer, getting the ice out, and I said, "Lord, what did I do?
What did I say?
" And He said, "You're helping me because I want Candace.
I want more of Candace, for I have a plan for her.
" I said, "Okay, whatever I can do to help you, Father.
" It's such an honor that 5,100 of you are here tonight to pray for our nation and this beautiful Thanksgiving season where we give God thanks and praise for a free nation that's one nation under God.
I'm not here to judge a man's heart like JD Vance; I pray that he gets even more radical for Jesus.
I only relay what I believe I heard the Lord say—that He wants more of him.
The whole Harvard thing was rooted in a mindset.
Ivy League colleges will poison you.
Regardless of if you graduated there and are standing on the right, the left is teaching you.
That's why I really believe in ORU and colleges that have a biblical-based Christian school.
Don't feed your kids to the wolves.
It gets in you regardless of whether you think it does or not.
It's a little leaven that ruins the whole lump.
Remember, a little leaven ruins the whole lump.
I just want to be on fire for Jesus, and that's why we're here tonight.
So, with all that being said, who wants to go tubing?
You want to pray with us for a little bit?
I talked for 40 minutes—not too bad.
I hope I cleared it up and made peace in your heart.
I touched as much as I could.
Father, I thank You for how good You've been to us.
Even if we miss it, there's grace to cover it.
We're all human; none of us are Jesus Christ.
We are all striving to be just like the King.
We all come short of the glory, but it's by His grace and mercy that we are set free.
When you fall down, you pick yourself up, brush your knees off, and keep marching.
Be humble and say, "Lord, tomorrow's a better day.
" It's so heavy on me to pray for Candace because the rabbit hole is very bad.
There's much truth to the rabbit hole, but it has a snare.
There are levels of what you should touch for the safety of your own family.
I say what I feel I'm called to say.
God help us all.
Thank You, Lord, that we're healed and whole.
I apply the blood of Jesus over Braden, Megan, Paisley, Diana, and I.
We walk in abundance.
Thank You, Lord, for Your healing and goodness.
You said that nothing shall by any means hurt us.
The angels will bear us up in their hands, and I believe for Your divine protection.
Thank You that we're always in the right place at the right time, avoiding tragedy.
Thank You for Your provision.
You always take care of us.
2025, Lord, we thank You for Your goodness.
And thank You for 2026—for the glimpses that You keep showing me.
Yes, it's turbulent and alarming, but you can either focus on the light or focus on the dark.
It's your choice.
Father, we thank You for the light.
We're not called to fear.
We're called to pray.
God is so good.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus and we thank you for what you did for us.
He became sickness for you that you don't have.
Galatians, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Lord, thank you for the blood and we make much of the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus and we thank you, Father, for the mighty blood of Jesus.
And we cover ourselves in the blood and we thank you, Father, that you've washed our sins away.
They're gone.
As far as the east is from the west, you've taken our sins from us.
I thank you, Father.
No matter how bad we mess up in life, you're always an ever-present help in a time of need.
And we take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I feel his presence really strongly.
You're crying on me and I said I know you feel the presence.
I feel it, too.
I feel his presence strong.
He's our friend.
I say I want him to call me friend.
Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Oh Lord, please light the fire that once burned bright and clear.
Thank you, Father, for he is so good and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
If you don't stop crying, I'm going to have to start crying.
I feel the presence of the Lord so much.
I'm trying to track the waterworks, too, baby.
It's so beautiful.
Yeah.
Oh, Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek.
All we seek.
Just another touch.
Your presence makes me whole.
Jesus.
Oh Jesus, your presence makes me whole.
Lord, if I could just sit with you a while, I need you to hold me moment by moment till forever passes by.
If I could just sit with you a while, I need you to hold me moment by moment till forever passes by.
Thank you, Father, for your blood.
Moment by moment till forever passes by.
I see it.
I see the white t-shirts again.
I see the youth rallying all around.
College campuses are full of people.
A major revival will take place in coliseums and basketball and football coliseums full of rallies of youth, college kids with worship events with Kari Jobe.
I see her singing on this stage.
You said, 'Why her?
' I don't know.
I see what I see.
And she sings because she's one of my favorites.
But a major revival is going to take place throughout this land with your college kids, your high school kids, and your middle school kids.
A greatest revival will come upon this land.
And God is going to touch your children.
I'm talking—he's calling the youth.
The devil attacks so hard to try to bring the youth down in this generation because it was a threat.
He only touches the threat.
If you're not a threat, he probably isn't messing with you.
But from what I see, the Holy Ghost and fire is coming on your youth.
And a major move of God is coming throughout the coliseums.
And what's interesting again, it's like what I saw with our friend is with the youth and the singing in Tennessee, Oklahoma, and Texas.
You're going to see revival with the youth.
I keep seeing the glory on these kids and a major move of God we're about to see from sea to shining sea.
It's not just about America.
This will happen in Australia.
I saw this young man rise up for a leader will be exposed and I've told you the Lord said 1 Corinthians 5:5, a major shaking's coming to the church.
But I saw new Davids, new Esthers, new Annas, new Joshuas, and new Calebs.
I'm talking a major move on people that have no names that will rise up seemingly out of nowhere that will have major anointings on their lives, and you're going to go, 'Where in the world did this person come from?
' But I'm hearing by the spirit of God: get ready for it.
There are many of you that are on the sidelines right now and you're saying, 'Coach, put me in the game.
' There's only a couple more minutes in the game.
He said, 'No, but I saved the best for last.
' There may be two minutes in the game and you're down by one.
It seems like everything's going around us.
You see all the stuff going on and you're thinking, 'How are we going to win?
' But God, he put our closers in and he says, 'Hey, you were built for pressure.
' A great anointing is coming on his people like you wouldn't believe.
I'm telling you ladies and gentlemen, it's time to expand the nets for it's not going to be catching them by poles anymore.
We're going to be catching them by the nets, shrimp boat nets, remember?
And we're dredging the whole river bank and we're going out in the deep waters.
He's leaving the 99 to go after the one.
It's time for Billy Graham type anointings to go on people to reach the lost for Jesus.
It's what he cares about the most.
He wants that none should perish but all come to repentance.
He doesn't want any of us to go to hell.
Not one of us.
But you choose.
Hell was made for Satan and his goons.
It wasn't made for you or for me or for anybody you love.
It was made for the devil.
But you choose hell if you don't choose Christ.
He's a gentleman.
He doesn't force his way into your house.
He waits to see if you seek and you'll find, knock and the door will open.
But the Bible also says that no man comes to the father unless he calls him.
But he's calling you right now.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
But tonight I cannot keep going on without at least, before I go tubing, we pray to even give you an opportunity to know my friend.
If you're here right now and what we said about Candace, none of that really matters compared to if you don't know him.
If you die tonight, where will you spend eternity?
I have to ask you that because it's the most important thing.
There are so many people that are on the edge of death.
170-some thousand people die every day.
Will you be one of them?
Could it be your time?
Could your number come up tonight when you're sleeping?
None of us are promised tomorrow.
We're all believing for a long life.
Will he satisfy us and show us his salvation?
But people go home all the time and didn't expect it.
My question is: where will you spend eternity if you were the one that died?
I want you to really search your heart.
You may say, 'I know him,' but does he know you?
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter the kingdom of God.
And that's your ticket to heaven.
But I want to go even further.
Does he know me?
You used to be born again, but you turned your back from it.
You come here because it's entertaining to you maybe, but yet you feel inside you're just not living right.
You might be sleeping around, you might be doing drugs, or whatever.
But you went back to the vomit you said you were saved from.
I want you to sell out to Jesus tonight.
I want you to get radical for him tonight.
He's putting in his closers.
We're at the last of the last.
We just got a couple more seconds on the game clock, but he knows you're able to score the winning point.
He's going to use you in this end-time army.
Would you help him?
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
He is the Lord of the harvest.
Tonight I just want to say a simple prayer with you.
If you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, tonight's your night.
I want you to put in the comment section right now, "I want to be saved.
" Jesus died for you publicly.
He suffered greatly so that you wouldn't have to go to hell.
The least you can do is be bold about your commitment to Him, saying, "I want to be saved tonight.
" Just say it in the comments.
You don't have to go down in front of an altar full of people.
You just have to type in the comment section right now, "I want to be saved.
I want Jesus Christ as my Lord and personal Savior.
" I don't want to go to hell, Brandon.
If I were to die tonight, I don't know where I would go.
I want Jesus, and I'd sell out to Jesus tonight.
You must know, my friend, and He must know you.
I want to say a simple prayer with you right now.
If you're serious about your decision and serious about selling out to Him, I want to say a simple prayer with you.
A five-year-old could say this and mean it with his heart.
It's not complicated.
We make it complicated.
Religion makes it complicated.
I cannot stand religion; I'm all about relationship.
I just want Jesus.
So say, "Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
Forgive me right now.
I need You to forgive me.
I've messed up so many times, but I know that if I confess my sins, You're faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
That's what Your word says.
So, as of tonight, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And today, Lord, I serve You from this day forward.
I sell out to You, Lord, and I ask You, Lord, to make me a new creature created in Christ Jesus.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
From this day forward, Lord, I belong to You.
Help me to become a better person.
Help me, Lord, from day to day to seek You daily and I will find You.
I want to be more like You in Jesus' name.
Amen.
" That's it.
I believe if you said that prayer, you just gave your heart to Jesus.
The best is yet to come.
You just made the greatest decision you could ever make, and we rejoice with you.
I don't know how many people did that, but we pray a lot of you did.
We had 40 salvations.
All glory to Jesus.
So we pray that the Lord touched you and that you got born again.
For any other stragglers from now on that watch this video, we're excited you're here.
They just straggle behind.
So, what do you do?
I want you to read your Bible and pray every single day.
Find a Bible-believing church.
A non-denominational one is the one I would go to; go get plugged in there.
Tell the pastor of that church, "Hey, I got born again watching a YouTube video and I need to be water-baptized.
" Get plugged in there.
Read your Bible.
Come pray with us.
And that's basically the Christian life.
It's easy.
Start telling people about what happened: "Jesus saved me.
" He saved me from all this.
I'm a new creature created in Christ Jesus.
Behold, He makes all things new.
So, if you don't have a Bible, Diana and I would love to buy you your first Bible for free.
We want to buy it for you.
If you would just go down into the description, you'll find our email.
Go into the description and you'll see our email address, and in the subject line, just put "I need a Bible" and then put your name and your address in the email and we will get one to you.
The angels in heaven are celebrating.
We're all celebrating the 40 people who gave their hearts to Jesus Christ tonight.
The best day of your life, the best decision you've ever made.
For all 5,900 of you, let's pray and let's go tubing.
But I give the altar call in the middle now because everybody leaves at the end, and I give the altar call, and now you still want to go tubing and you're here.
It's important.
You've got to stick around and we've got to pray for these unbelievers.
There was such a pull for it in the spirit.
I felt there are so many people that need Jesus and we've got to be patient with the babies there.
He said, "Be patient with My babies," because you were a baby once and people were patient with you.
They're coming in from all over the world, but we've got to give them time to get Jesus.
That's all that matters.
Why are we here?
To get the lost.
So, Father, we just thank You.
Father, if You have anything to show us or tell us, we're here.
I plead the blood over my spiritual eyes.
I thank You, Lord, that I'm uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of You in Jesus' name.
I plead the blood over my eyes, Father, that I hear You, and a stranger's voice I will not follow.
Anything You want to show me, we give You praise, Father.
It was so interesting in the vein of that earlier, wasn't it?
While he was talking, you could feel the presence and the shift for salvation.
And then the Lord said, "Now you can pray.
" But I'm like, "Where do you go from that, Lord?
" Lord, we thank You.
I see a red button.
It looks like the nuclear button.
It's in a briefcase-like thing and the red button is on a flat part right here in the middle.
It looks like something you would push, and I see it opened up with metal all around it.
I see South Korea and I see Taiwan.
He's talking about South Korea and Taiwan.
I have more here concerning Taiwan and what it's doing in Asia.
And I see North Korea.
I see North Korea and I see Kim.
I heard "Cold War, but much colder.
" Cold War, but much colder.
Now I see the dance.
I'm going to say that the praying in the spirit and a brand new tongue, letting the dance flow through you...
I'm holding the vision and I want you to keep praying into it.
Teaching the people to pray into it—not just seeing stuff.
Praying into it is what He said.
Not everybody's going to see stuff.
Pray without having to see stuff.
What are you wanting to pray into?
A Cold War that's much colder.
That's the guideline I'm trying to tell y'all.
He said, "Pray without having to see something.
Just pray.
Let the Spirit move through your tongue.
" Every time you say, "I see the shaking in the church.
I see the shaking.
" You must learn your authority.
You must come up higher and know your authority.
That's part of what he was saying.
I heard it right there out of my tongues.
He said, "You must know your authority.
Come up higher.
" You must know your authority.
You must know who you are in Him to survive the time.
But He's never given you a spirit of fear.
You're never to fear.
Perfect love casteth out all fear.
Lord, I see the Olympics again.
I see the opening ceremony.
It marks a time and a place in Europe.
It marks a place in Europe in time for what they summon.
Clearly, you will see a shaking.
I see an arm come out, and it's ripped like muscles, a very chiseled arm.
It's a hand and just this part of the arm, and it came out and grabbed a hold in Rome.
It grabbed a hold in Rome, Paris, and others.
It will make an image.
Going back to the 1920s and 30s farm life, I see overalls on a man.
They're sitting at a table again as a family unit.
I see them sitting around an old wooden table made of what looks like fence panels—a makeshift table—but they're giving grace and holding hands.
Go back to family values.
Go back to the old way of thinking, of the family core values, eating around a table as a family.
An old farmer has overalls on, just an old farmer out in a garden, not the hustle and bustle.
I see them all around this table, and they're giving thanks and giving grace.
It's interesting; we went from the Olympics, a stance for the end times, but the church is going back to core values, back to the ABCs, as the antichrist makes his stance and the evil of their agenda.
The church goes back to what matters: family core values.
That's where the unit is; that's where prayer is; that's where the flow and the anointing is.
A dad just being a dad, teaching his kids prayer, eating around the table.
It's been lost.
I heard the Spirit of the Lord say it's been lost—training up a child in the way they should go.
Do you understand?
He had their attention during the Great Depression.
That's why I said the 30s and the late 20s.
Be appreciative of what you have, for it can be taken away just like that.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say it can disappear overnight.
Everything can tumble down.
Be appreciative in this Thanksgiving season; give thanks for what you have.
Go back to the core values of the family.
Go back to giving thanks around the table.
Thank you for all that You have provided for me, Lord, for it can be taken away just like that.
He's taking you back to the ABCs.
Carry on, He said.
I see drought and a Dust Bowl.
There has been a spiritual drought upon the land.
This is not just a natural drought; it is a spiritual drought.
I see fields where nothing is growing because it's dead.
That's what's across America.
Even the trees have lost their leaves, yet you pretend to be in plenty.
Go back to what I had in store for family values.
You want different fruit as a nation, but you must change the root.
The fruit is a result of the root.
That's what the Spirit of the Lord says.
Go back to the foundation, the ABCs.
The drought is upon the land because you stopped doing the ABCs.
Discipline your children.
Train up a child in the way he should go.
Spare the rod and spoil the child.
It didn't say beat the child, but there's discipline.
It's all fundamentals.
To be a champion, you must go back to the fundamentals of Christianity.
It will now take a pioneer work.
I see the forerunners digging and looking for gold.
I see pioneers and settlers in their wagons and horses trying to find new land, like Little House on the Prairie.
Go back to a pioneer work.
You've lost the foundation and core values, but it will be a quick work and there's grace on it.
Just go back to having meals, praying, and being a family.
Be thankful for what you have.
In all that you do in word and deed, give God glory.
Taking the care out of your prayer.
Be anxious for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God.
That's Philippians 4:6.
In this season of Thanksgiving, He just wants an attitude of gratitude.
You say, "I don't have much," but give Him praise for what you do have.
In these next two weeks in America, we can really work on this.
Thank You, Father, for all that You've given us.
An attitude of gratitude because I see a blessing coming.
I see abundance coming.
Be thankful for the little, and He'll make you ruler over much.
Be diligent.
Be grateful.
Have an attitude of gratitude with the little, and he'll make you rule over much.
In everything give thanks, for this is the will of God concerning you.
That's First Thessalonians.
Diana, this is so good because I see his heart and what he's saying right now.
There is a great wave of abundance.
Be thankful in this season right now where you are.
Go about what's about to take place with an attitude of gratitude, given in prayer and thanksgiving, and let your requests be made known unto God.
But the heart, he wants to see what you're doing.
Go back to the fundamentals.
Go back to this in the 1920s.
Look at what he's saying is coming.
Look what he's saying.
Hey, be thankful for where you're not at right now.
For the 1930s, it was a shaking of the nation, the Great Depression, but going back to the attitude of gratitude for a wave of blessing, a wave of abundance.
He wants to bring this.
But he has a bunch of spoiled little kids that go, 'Well, you know, if you go into this next blessing with the attitude that you have right now—give me money, please.
I want money.
Give me my money.
' No.
God, thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
You've been so good to us.
You've been so wonderful to us.
That's what he's saying: go back to the foundation for what's about to take place.
He's examining the hearts.
One percent will operate in this.
One percent.
Why?
An attitude of gratitude.
God's just looking for somebody to give him praise.
You can have what's in his hand, but give him worth.
There's value.
I'm so grateful for what you've already done.
I'm so thankful for this shirt.
I'm so thankful for that sweater.
I'm so thankful, Father, for my cell phone that you're able to record this video on—my iPhone that I'm able to film for you.
I'm so thankful, Father.
You may make payments on it.
You may be paying AT&T every month for it, but God, I'm so grateful for that iPhone.
Do you understand?
I'm so grateful for it.
'Well, this old clunker I've got to go to church in.
Look at this old clunker.
I don't want to go into the church with this clunker.
It barely goes.
These tires are bald.
' God, I'm so thankful for that clunker.
I may not have the best car, but I have a car that gets me from point A to point B.
And I've been getting there, and I made it home.
You know what I'm saying?
That's why you have to be thankful for the little things.
And that's why the Lord said, 'Go back to this.
' So that's what we're getting so far.
That's where his heart is tonight.
But he's saying as this—and I saw Europe.
I saw what they're about to do.
But he said, 'What am I about to do?
' And I saw drought upon the land.
He said, 'So guess what?
It's getting ready to come.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
I guarantee you that.
' He said, 'Don't get ahead of me.
' I know my Lord.
I know he is an abundant God.
Speak to the drought.
Speak to it.
It's pioneer work.
We won't get ahead of you, Lord.
We love you.
But I get excited like a kid on Christmas.
I know what you're bringing.
I know what's coming: the greatest outpouring and the manifestations of the glory this world has ever seen before.
Even greater works will you do because I go to my Father.
Even the greater works, the manifestations of the glory.
Hallelujah.
As you see the day approaching, great storm clouds are around.
Oh, Father, how we praise you.
As we see the day approaching, we see the coming of the Lord.
Be even more thankful.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you have for us.
We're so grateful, Father.
A cold war that's even colder, an acceleration.
It's like I can see the darkness all around.
But he said go back, as all these days, as the day approaches, all that is going on in Europe.
A shaking, a hand coming out and grabbing hold of what's happening with the Vatican.
Something is going to happen at the Vatican—a major shaking at the Vatican, a major move of God at the Vatican.
There are 1.
4 billion Catholics.
And he's coming out and grabbing hold.
Watch what God does with the youth and the shaking of the Catholic Church.
Watch what he does.
And then I see this.
I see what they're going to make this statement, and I saw this one: go back to Taiwan, South Korea, a cold war even colder.
For he has crowned us with glory.
You will see we have been crowned with glory.
The glory of the Lord has risen on us.
Arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
Jesus restored all Adam lost.
Jesus restored it for us.
And we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He's crowned us with glory.
We're seated with him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might.
We're seated with him.
Know your authority.
Thank you, Father.
A time of thanksgiving.
We're so grateful for all that you've done and all that you provided for us around the table.
You've provided so much.
You've been so good to us.
For the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
He said in this thanksgiving, I believe I see the womb of women opening up; babies are going to start to spring forth out of thanksgiving.
Thanksgiving babies.
I see a harvest.
And the way the Lord showed me was I saw a woman and all of a sudden this fruit started to spring forth, and the Lord said this would be transformed.
I saw in this area growth of plants—God is going to bring forth abundance.
It's time for you to believe God for children.
You say, 'Well, I don't want to bring them into this world.
' Why?
Occupy until he comes.
Children are an inheritance from the Lord.
They're a blessing.
And many of you haven't been able to receive children, and you desire them.
And you say, 'Man, I would like to have a son or a daughter.
' Of course.
And you think, 'Well, it's never been able to happen for us.
' Believe God; we're going to give him thanks for that, for the fruit.
Thank you, Father.
Our vine will not cast fruit before its time.
And we're grateful for a child.
We're so grateful, Father, that you would give us a son or a daughter or twins or whatever.
He redeems the time that the cankerworm ate.
You say, 'Well, I've lost so many kids with a miscarriage.
' Well, he redeems the time and he heals those.
He just showed me: have thanksgiving babies.
Give thanksgiving for offspring.
Thank you, Lord.
You've been giving us our babies.
Father, we will have an abundant harvest in 2026.
The very seed we sow will not return unto us void.
Father, I believe, God, that you're the God of the harvest.
So, November, December, January, February, March, April, May, June, July—you'll be having July babies.
That's pretty neat.
Believe in July or August.
Believe God; it has to be a summer baby.
Believe God.
Say, 'By summer 2026, I'm going to have an abundant harvest in Jesus' name.
' That's pretty neat.
Father, I thank you.
Glory to God.
Father, is there anything else you want me to pray about tonight?
I feel a lifting.
Do you?
I've cried the whole time.
Oh, no.
I didn't...
just making sure I don't have any unwanted visitors in my nose.
You're good.
Okay.
Just making sure.
Well, I try not to suck up because people say it's gross.
So, I'm trying to make sure I don't do that on the live stream as much, and I want to make sure I don't have any other unwanted visitors.
So, watch out.
He's so good, y'all.
I love the intimacy.
You know, when you just have fellowship with the Father and you're praying, you go down the river.
It may not be like it was last time, thank God.
But this one was more—this is a lot better.
Thank you, Father, for today.
Hallelujah.
Oh Lord, I do whatever you ask.
Thank you, God, for today.
Really, seriously, we'll be thankful for all that you do.
In word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
Father, I thank you for the times and the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
You have been so good to us, Father.
A cold war that would be colder.
What does that mean?
Lord, I'm curious about that statement.
What is a cold war that would be colder?
What is that bright light?
What is that red light, Lord?
What is that fire over?
I see Russia.
What is this fire and this red light, Lord?
I see in a war, and whenever they shoot the flares off into the sky so they can see the troops coming and running, I see a red flare coming out of the sky.
It's shot up like an arch, and as it floats down, it brings light on the land.
And I see troops running.
I see a red light, but the light is bright and shines upon the land, and they're running like a flare.
It's like one of those hazard flares in war.
Ground invasions.
This involves little Kim.
He supplies the troops within another great ground invasion—a plan.
He's been promised a lot through the major plan.
He's talking about Kim.
He's been promised a lot by Putin.
You'll see.
He will act out a lot in the days ahead, for he gets a big head.
And I showed you a sign of this as he was wearing the diaper like a sumo wrestler.
I see it again, and there's flies floating by him and people don't want to touch him because he's stinky.
But he's expendable.
China didn't really necessarily want to do him, but Putin did because he's desperate for him.
The same with Venezuela, the same with finding allies.
For the cold war will become much colder.
Remember Cuba.
Remember the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Again, I remember this.
Say yes, Lord.
And a sprig of growth will come from within—a sprig of growth will come within, an acceleration.
Glory to God.
Lord, we thank you.
I see Australia.
They're itching.
You know how you have an itchy trigger finger.
It's their government.
It's about the finances.
I know you all can't see what I'm seeing, and I realize that, but I'm filtering more than I used to.
I see Australia and their government.
It's almost like whenever you see the ships just going still like this and it's just floating, but you want to cause a ripple in the wave to make something happen.
'How do we get involved with something because we want to stimulate our economy and what's going on here?
We're way down here in the south, and we don't want to be forgotten.
' So they're keeping reveling with things.
It's interesting whenever I see the troops.
I see peace and I see water, and then I see Australian ground troops and they're all waiting at attention for what's about to happen in Venezuela, Cuba, and Russia.
They're waiting at attention.
They're all by Sydney altogether and they're at attention and they're watching to see what will happen.
They have an itchy trigger finger, and this is concerning Australia.
I think that's interesting because they're watching what will happen with this, but it's all concerning Europe; it's all concerning Kim.
Be seated.
And then the Lord said, 'You see a man, Macron.
' Praise God.
We're getting so close to the return of our King.
What a time we're living in as I see Macron, and it's all this like with the King of England.
And you know what's so interesting as you see this?
It's always that Trump is the log in the road who is running the eagle—the great eagle—that Trump is the thousand-pound gorilla in the room.
It is every single time I see this.
That's what the Lord said.
You'll be so thankful in the days ahead you have him.
You will be so grateful that you have Trump in the days ahead.
You may not agree with all the decisions he's making, but the Lord said for what is coming, you'll be so grateful that he is President at this time.
He said it a lot.
He is a log in the road—not just a log, he's a massive tree in the road.
Four oak trees.
Remember that he's told us about the four oak trees, and all the leaves fell down quickly.
It's all about economic stuff.
It's about war.
That's why the Lord keeps having us pray about this.
But he said the main core value of going back into the family and doing the things tonight.
And that's what I think is so interesting, the things he's talking about.
But as we pray, praise God.
I think I'm done.
It's getting late.
I'm tired already.
I've got a lot more to do tonight before I can go to bed.
I'm so thankful you came on and prayed with us.
Thank you for being a part of our prayer team.
I know I talked a lot at the beginning; I had to clear some things up.
But I'm so grateful for every single one of you.
We prayed for an hour and talked for an hour—two hours of video tonight.
We're so grateful for every single one of you.
Thank you for coming.
Did you get anything out of that tonight?
Did you get refreshed?
Did the Lord bless you at all?
I pray every time you come here, you don't feel like you wasted your time, but that you got refreshed and feel stirred up, and that Jesus came and touched you.
I feel refreshed.
I love you, baby.
I'm glad I came.
Glory to God.
So, if you could do us a favor: like the video, comment something nice down below, click the notification bell, and do everything you can to help us with the algorithm.
We're believing for a one million men and women prayer army to touch the nations.
We see the days approaching: wars and rumors of wars, plagues, pestilence.
We see all the things the Lord's warned us about.
And tonight, again, we see bits and pieces of something.
It's all a piece of the puzzle, and every time we pray together, He gives us a little bit more of something.
It's amazing.
But what is amazing to me is the Olympics.
He brings it up so many times.
I go, 'What is it about the Olympics?
' He's talking about the nations coming together.
The opening ceremony.
What is this?
I'm anticipating February 3rd to really figure out what is going to be in this opening ceremony.
", "corrections": [{"sentence": "And I showed you a sign of this as he was wearing the diaper like a [suma] wrestler.
", "originalWord": "suma", "proposedWord": "sumo", "confidence": 1.
0}, {"sentence": "A [springrig] of growth will come within, an acceleration.
", "originalWord": "springrig", "proposedWord": "sprig", "confidence": 1.
0}, {"sentence": "They're all by Sydney [all tor] and they're at attention.
", "originalWord": "all tor", "proposedWord": "altogether", "confidence": 0.
8}, {"sentence": "Then the Lord said, 'You see a man, [I'm a crone].
'", "originalWord": "I'm a crone", "proposedWord": "Macron", "confidence": 0.
95}, {"sentence": "What a time we're living in as I see [Mcronone], and it's all this like with the King of England.
", "originalWord": "Mcronone", "proposedWord": "Macron", "confidence": 0.
95}]} What is he talking about?
What is it about the Vatican?
What's happening?
Shaking in the Catholic Church; things are happening.
We're glad you came tonight, and we're so thankful.
Thank you for all the Super Thanks and all the wonderful blessings.
You are awesome.
We appreciate all your support, your love, and your kindness towards my family.
We'll make a little Short and we'll give it to X, and you all can tag Candace or whatever.
However that happens, Braden's going to get it.
So maybe she'll see it and it'll bless her.
I don't know.
If I never hear from her, it was never meant to be.
I don't do it for that.
I just know that God told me to pray for this woman, and we're believing God that she'll get radically on fire or whatever He wants.
It's exciting, y'all.
We're in the end of the end.
And He's putting His troops in play as His end-time generals, His people that will help Him with loud voices bring in the message that Jesus Christ is coming.
And that's all that matters.
Isn't that wonderful?
I'm excited, y'all.
We're about ready to go home and see our friend.
Say, 'Jesus, I'm so excited.
' So remember, Jesus loves you and we love you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
I said it backwards.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
And we'll see you again tomorrow or whenever—probably tomorrow.
God bless you all.
Have a good night.
Bye-bye.